---
layout: post
title: "SharePoint Developer II"
old_url: "http://simpable.com/code/sharepoint-developer-ii/"
graffitiID: "148"
rawDate: "8/21/2008 9:56:46 AM"
tags: [telligent]
---


We ("Telligent":http://telligent.com) "previously announced":http://communityserver.com/news/team-blog/want-a-little-preview-of-community-server-sharepoint-integration-here-rsquo-s-part-i/ our intentions to enable "Community Server":http://communityserver.com and SharePoint to play very nicely on the intranet (definitely friends with major benefits). We will soon be releasing V1 of this work (part of Community Server Evolution), but it is already very apparent that we are just scratching the surface and we would *LOVE* to do more. However, to do that, we need your help.

We are looking to add another really smart[1] SharePoint developer to the team. Ideal candidates will have a good understanding and lots of previous experience developing (not just deployments) with SharePoint 2007. This is not your typical hack crap together on the intranet to make some C-level executive happy type position. You will be challenged to make the entire SharePoint user experience better.

Other requirements:

* You must be a U.S. Citizen

* Dallas Texas candidates preferred, but this could be a telecommuting position for the right candidate.

* Experience writing testable code in SharePoint

If you are interested, please send your resume, a summary of experiences, and salary requirements to "scottw@telligent.com":mailto:scottw@telligent.com.

[1] If you don't have SharePoint experience, but really want to dive head first into it, lets us know. We might be able to make something happen for you.


