---
layout: post
title: "Video Cameras For Sale"
old_url: "http://simpable.com/life/video-cameras-for-sale/"
graffitiID: "175"
rawDate: "11/12/2008 1:49:10 PM"
tags: [video, flip-mino]
---


I am looking to sell to video cameras to make room for the new "Flip Mino HD":http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HSOFI2/ref=amb_link_82171051_2?ie=UTF8&amp;me=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_s=auto-sparkle&amp;pf_rd_r=0PC7CY26YBG0VQVYSS5S&amp;pf_rd_t=301&amp;pf_rd_p=463487171&amp;pf_rd_i=Flip. If you are interested in either, ping me at "scottwater@gmail.com":mailto:scottwater@gmail.com.

h3. Flip Mino

"I love this camera":http://scottw.com/technology/the-new-white/. It is super easy to use, fits into your pocket, and works on PC/Mac with no software to install. An "HD version was just released":http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001HSOFI2/ref=amb_link_82171051_2?ie=UTF8&amp;me=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_s=auto-sparkle&amp;pf_rd_r=0PC7CY26YBG0VQVYSS5S&amp;pf_rd_t=301&amp;pf_rd_p=463487171&amp;pf_rd_i=Flip, so I am looking to sell this one so that I can justify the new purchase. :) "Amazon Details":http://www.amazon.com/Flip-Video-Camcorder-Minutes-Black/dp/tech-data/B0016BXRB6/ref=de_a_smtd. Asking $120.  Note: This camera is also the one which filmed the "Ohio Arm Challenge":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHLPa_SdniA so it's may be worth a lot more than $120. :)

h3. Sony HDR-SR5

I originally paid $800 for this camera. It is in great shape and has only been used a couple of times. It is a waste to have it just sitting there, so it is time to find it a new home.  "Sony HDR-SR5 AVCHD 4MP 40GB High Definition Hard Disk Drive Camcorder with 10x Optical Zoom":http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000PQH1YW.

h5. Product Features

* Record high-definition (AVCHD) video directly to a 40GB HDD
* 1/3-inch ClearVid CMOS sensor for high-quality HD or SD images
* 2.7-inch widescreen hybrid touch-panel Clear Photo LCD Plus display
* Professional-quality Carl Zeiss Vario-Sonnar T* lens
* Easy one-touch disc burn; Handycam Station included

h5. Technical Details

* *Brand Name*: Sony
* *Model*: HDR-SR5
* *media_type*: Hard disk drive
* *Lens Type*: Zoom lens
* *Optical zoom*: 10 x
* *maximum_aperture_range*: F/1.8-2.9
* *Shooting Modes*: Digital photo mode
* *Video Input*: Camcorder
* *Display Size*: 2.7 inches
* *Optical Sensor Resolution*: 2.1 MP
* *optical_sensor_technology*: ClearVid CMOS
* *optical_sensor_size*: 1/3"
* *Viewfinder Type*: LCD
* *Audio Input*: Microphone
* *microphone_operation_mode*: Surround
* *Height*: 3.0 inches
* *Weight*: 2.0 pounds
* *Depth*: 5.5 inches
* *Width*: 6.0 inches

Asking $550.


