---
layout: post
title: "Senior Developer Position(s)"
old_url: "http://simpable.com/code/senior-developer-positions/"
graffitiID: "149"
rawDate: "8/21/2008 10:18:44 AM"
tags: [telligent]
---


I just wrote about a SharePoint opening on the "Telligent":http://telligent.com product team and you might be saying yourself, "Self, I am a great developer, I am just not interested in SharePoint, I wonder if Telligent has anything for me?". Generally, it is not a good idea to talk to yourself, but in this case, it could work out nicely.

In addition to the open SharePoint position, there are quite a few opening on both the "Community Server":http://communityserver.com and Evolution[1] teams.

Here is a list of some of the skills we are looking for (note, you don't need to have experience with all of them, but knowing a couple of them really well is required).

* ASP.Net

* C#

* WCF and MSMQ

* Ajax/Javascript

* Unit Testing

* Flash

* SQL Server (developer expertise)

* Oracle (developer expertise)

* Active Directory, LDAP, and/or SAML

* Microsoft Presence Server

* REST

* Memecache

* CSS, HTML, Photoshop/Fireworks

Ideal candidates will be local to Dallas Texas (or willing to relocate). However, if you are a rock star and like your current dwelling, these positions can all be telecommuted. You must also be a US citizen and/or capable of working in the US without sponsorship. Recruiters need not apply.

If you are interested, please send your resume, summary of skills, and salary requirements to "scottw@telligent.com":mailto:scottw@telligent.com.









[1] Community Server for the intranet.


